build: generate vcpkg.json on windows (#8763)
deskflow/deskflow: doc/dev/build.md

| BUILD_UNIFIED            | Build unified binary (client+server)    | OFF                | |
| ENABLE_COVERAGE          | Enable test coverage                    | OFF                | `gcov` |
| SKIP_BUILD_TESTS         | Skip running of tests at build time     | OFF                | |
| VCPKG_QT                 | Build Qt w/ vcpkg (windows only)        | OFF                | |

Example cmake configuration.
`cmake -S. -Bbuild -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<INSTALLPREFIX>`

### Windows Configuration

>  It is recommended to use vcpkg to install the dependencies. The first configuration will build all dependencies other than Qt while configuring the project. By default, you are expected to install Qt and add it to the path or provide the path to cmake at configure time. If you want to build Qt via vcpkg you must use `-DVCPKG_QT=ON` when configuring. Once enabled, you may need to remove the build configuration to use the system-provided Qt again.

Reviewer: I wonder if it might be nice of us to suggest using `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` to tell CMAKE about Qt path (this is what the Qt find CMake module advises anyway).

```suggestion
 It is recommended to use vcpkg to install the dependencies. The first configuration will build all dependencies other than Qt while configuring the project. By default, you are expected to install Qt and add it to the path or provide the path to cmake at configure time (e.g. with `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`). If you want to build Qt via vcpkg you must use `-DVCPKG_QT=ON` when configuring. Once enabled, you may need to remove the build configuration to use the system-provided Qt again.
```

>  It is recommended to use vcpkg to get the dependencies to install. The first configuration will build all depends other then Qt while configuing the project. By default you are expected to install Qt and add it to the path or provide the path to cmake at configure time. If you want to build Qt via vcpkg you must enable add `-DVCPKG_QT=ON` to your configuration. Once enabled you may need to remove the build configuation to use the system provided Qt again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use vcpkg to install the dependencies. The first configuration will build all dependencies other than Qt while configuring the project. By default, you are expected to install Qt and add it to the path or provide the path to cmake at configure time. If you want to build Qt via vcpkg you must use `-DVCPKG_QT=ON` when configuring. Once enabled, you may need to remove the build configuration to use the system-provided Qt again. 
```
